[tr064] improve documentation and add textual config example (#9648)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.tr064/README.md

# TR-064 Binding

> This binding brings support for internet gateway devices that support the TR-064 protocol. In particular, it supports
> the AVM FritzBox family of routers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This binding brings support for internet gateway devices that support the TR-064 protocol (e.g. the AVM FritzBox family of routers). 
```

It can be used to gather information from the device and/or re-configure it.
Even though textual configuration is possible, it is strongly recommended to use the Main User Interface for configuration.

## Supported Things

Four thing types are supported:

- `generic`: the internet gateway device itself (generic device)

> - `fritzbox`: similar to `generic` with extensions for AVM FritzBox devices. This is also a `rootDevice`

Reviewer: I would suggest to split that in two parts: "Bridges" and "Things" and remove the `rootDevice` reference at all. It is a leftover from an early development stage. Later the `rootDevice` was split into `generic` and `fritzbox`.

Author: I tried to rephrase the paragraph

### `fritzbox`

The `fritzbox` devices can give additional informations in dedicated channels, controlled  by additional parameters, w.r.t. to `generic` devices.

> These parameters are advanced parameters, i.e. they appear in the Main User Interface only if the `Show Advanced` option is selected.

Reviewer: I think you can remove this line.

Author: ok, I removed the sentence, but left a mention of the show advanced in the main ui.

If the parameters are specified, the corresponding channels will be added to the device. 

> One or more TAM (telephone answering machines) are supported by most fritzbox devices (namely the ones with DECT support).

Reviewer: This creates the impression that DECT needs to be enabled to make the TAM work. That is not the case, I have only IP phones and the TAM works fine.

Author: ok. i removed  the mention of DECT

By setting the `tamIndices` parameter you can instruct the binding to add channels for these devices to the thing.
Values start with `0`.
This is an optional parameter and multiple values are allowed: add one value per line in the Main User Interface.

Most devices allow to configure call deflections.
If the `callDeflectionIndices` parameter is set, channels for the status of the pre-configured call deflections are added.
Values start with `0`, including the number of "Call Blocks" (two configured call-blocks -> first deflection is `2`).
This is an optional parameter and multiple values are allowed:  add one value per line in the Main User Interface.

Most devices support call lists.
The binding can retrieve these call lists and provide channels for the number of missed calls, inbound calls, outbound calls and rejected (blocked) calls,
for a given number of days. A channel is added to the device if such a number is set through the corresponding parameter

> in the Main User Interface. The parameters are: `missedCallDays`, `rejectedCallDays`, `inboundCallDays`, `outboundCallDays` and `callListDays`.

Reviewer: Start each sentence on a new line

Author: ok.

If the `wanBlockIPs` parameter is set, a channel for each IP is created to block/unblock WAN access for this IP.
Values need to be IPv4 addresses in the format `a.b.c.d`.
This is an optional parameter and multiple values are allowed:  add one value per line in the Main User Interface.

If the `PHONEBOOK` profile shall be used, it is necessary to retrieve the phonebooks from the FritzBox.
The `phonebookInterval` is uses to set the refresh cycle for phonebooks. It defaults to 600 seconds,
and it can be set to 0 if phoneooks are not to be used.

### `subdevice`, `subdeviceLan`

Additional informations (i.e. channels) are available in subdevices of the rootdevice, which is therefore a bridge.
Each subdevice is characterized by a unique `uuid` parameter: this is the UUID/UDN of the device. 
This is a mandatory parameter to be set in order to add the subdevice. Since the parameter value can only be determined
by examining the SCPD of the root device, the simplest way to obtain it is through auto-discovery.

For FritzBox 7590 and for FritzBox 7360v1 (but likely many others) three subdevices are available (and found through auto-discovery):

> a LAN Device (of type `subdeviceLan`), a WAN Device (of type `subdevice`) and a WANConnection Device (of type `subdevice`).

Reviewer: I would suggest to remove this device-specific comment. Discovery shows all sub devices.

Author: I simplified that sentence.

> The LAN Device, inparticular, is used for presence detection. It therefore optionally contains

Reviewer: I disagree here. I do not use presence detection but use the LAN device.

Author: I modified the sentence.

### `subdevice`, `subdeviceLan`

Additional informations (i.e. channels) are available in subdevices of the bridge.
Each subdevice is characterized by a unique `uuid` parameter: this is the UUID/UDN of the device. 
This is a mandatory parameter to be set in order to add the subdevice. Since the parameter value can only be determined
by examining the SCPD of the root device, the simplest way to obtain it is through auto-discovery.

Auto discovery may find several sub-devices, each one holding channels as described in the following.

> The LAN sub-device, in particular, is also used for presence detection. It therefore optionally contains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The LAN sub-device, in particular, is also used for presence detection.
It therefore optionally contains
```

val tr064Actions = getActions("tr064","tr064:fritzbox:2a28aee1ee")
val result = tr064Actions.phonebookLookup("49157712341234", 5)
```
## A note on textual configuration

Textual configuration through a `.things` file is possible but, at present, strongly discouraged because it is significantly more error-prone
than the configuration through Main User Interface.

If an advanced user is really motivated to define a textual configuration, it is suggested to perform
an automatic scan through the user interface first in order to extract the required parameters (namely the different `uuid` of the

> need subdevices).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
needed subdevices).
```
